docs: add flowlog retention and autoscaling for release v1.24 (#4205)
aws/copilot-cli: site/content/docs/manifest/environment.en.md

<span class="parent-field">network.vpc.security_group.<type\>.</span><a id="network-vpc-security-group-cidr" href="#network-vpc-security-group-cidr" class="field">`cidr`</a> <span class="type">String</span>   
The IPv4 address range, in CIDR format.

<span class="parent-field">network.vpc.</span><a id="network-vpc-flowlogs" href="#network-vpc-flowlogs" class="field">`flow_logs`</a> <span class="type">Boolean or Map</span>   

> If you specify true Copilot will enable VPC flow logs to capture information about the IP traffic going in and out of the environment VPC.
> The default value for VPC flow logs is now 14 days (2 weeks).

Reviewer: nit: 
```suggestion
If you specify 'true', Copilot will enable VPC flow logs to capture information about the IP traffic going in and out of the environment VPC.
The default value for VPC flow logs is 14 days (2 weeks).
```
